A great wonder of the natural world.
When I arrived it was early morning and it was raining.
I looked to the east, the sky was becoming grey.
I got out of the car, went through a gate and walked along a dark path.
There was nothing to see, but I knew it was there.
After about a mile, a stranger appeared beside the path.
Am I going the right way?
I asked.
He knew where I was going.
Yes.
He replied.
You'll get there in five minutes.
Finally I came to some rocks and stopped.
I looked over them, but it was silent and there was no sign of it.
Suddenly the rain stopped and the clouds cleared.
The sun rose behind me and shone on the rocks.
Far below me the ground fell away and down to a river.
I was looking across one of the wonders of the natural world, the Grand Canyon.
I looked down to the Colorado River, a silver stream nearly one mile below me.
If you put the two tallest buildings in the world on top of each other at the bottom
of the canyon, they still would not reach the top.
Then I looked across to the other side of the canyon.
It was about fifteen miles away, maybe more.
Finally I looked to my left and to my right.
And on both sides the canyon went far away for more than two hundred miles.
The Grand Canyon was not just big, it was huge.
I remained by the canyon for about half an hour.
And I asked myself, is the Grand Canyon the greatest wonder of the natural world?
I certainly know the answer.
What do you think?